c:\users\iliya\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Shop_project\Shop\bin\Debug\Shop.exe.config
c:\users\iliya\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Shop_project\Shop\bin\Debug\Shop.exe
c:\users\iliya\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Shop_project\Shop\bin\Debug\Shop.pdb
c:\users\iliya\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Shop_project\Shop\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.dll
c:\users\iliya\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Shop_project\Shop\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
c:\users\iliya\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Shop_project\Shop\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.xml
c:\users\iliya\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Shop_project\Shop\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
c:\users\iliya\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Shop_project\Shop\obj\Debug\Shop.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\iliya\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Shop_project\Shop\obj\Debug\MainWindow.g.cs
c:\users\iliya\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Shop_project\Shop\obj\Debug\App.g.cs
c:\users\iliya\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Shop_project\Shop\obj\Debug\Shop_MarkupCompile.cache
c:\users\iliya\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Shop_project\Shop\obj\Debug\Shop_MarkupCompile.lref
c:\users\iliya\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Shop_project\Shop\obj\Debug\MainWindow.baml
c:\users\iliya\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Shop_project\Shop\obj\Debug\Shop.g.resources
c:\users\iliya\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Shop_project\Shop\obj\Debug\Shop.Properties.Resources.resources
c:\users\iliya\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Shop_project\Shop\obj\Debug\Shop.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\iliya\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Shop_project\Shop\obj\Debug\Shop.exe
c:\users\iliya\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Shop_project\Shop\obj\Debug\Shop.pdb
C:\Users\Iliya\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Shop_project\Shop\obj\Debug\AddProduct.g.cs
C:\Users\Iliya\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Shop_project\Shop\obj\Debug\AddProduct.baml
C:\Users\Iliya\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Shop_project\Shop\obj\Debug\ViewProducts.g.cs
C:\Users\Iliya\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Shop_project\Shop\obj\Debug\ViewProducts.baml
C:\Users\Iliya\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Shop_project\Shop\obj\Debug\CoffeeShopPOS.g.cs
C:\Users\Iliya\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Shop_project\Shop\obj\Debug\CoffeeShopPOS.baml
C:\Users\Iliya\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Shop_project\Shop\obj\Debug\Payment.g.cs
C:\Users\Iliya\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Shop_project\Shop\obj\Debug\Payment.baml
